README.md, before:

# OpenRA Red Alert 2 Yuri's Revenge
A Red Alert 2 Yuri's Revenge mod for OpenRA Engine

## Screenshots

![Yuri faction](https://media.moddb.com/images/members/4/3399/3398047/openra-yr.1.PNG)
![Voxel browser](https://media.moddb.com/images/members/4/3399/3398047/voxelbrowser.PNG)

## Version
release-20191117

## Build
Run "make.cmd" on Windows and type "all" in the terminal or run "make" on Linux/MacOS  

## Wiki  
You can check more information on wiki:  
https://github.com/cookgreen/Yuris-Revenge/wiki  

## Issue  
If you meet any problem, please post an issue:  
https://github.com/cookgreen/Yuris-Revenge/issues  

## Install the content
Note: Normally installing the content from the ingame content installer is enough.
  
The mod expects the original Red Alert 2 game assets and original Yuri's Revenge assets in place. Put the .mix archives in the following directory depending on your operating system.  
  
### Confirm the content path:
Run Utility command: `--display-content-path` to determine the OpenRA content path, after run this command, it will output like this:
```
OpenRA Content Path: <YourOpenRAContentPath>
```
  
### Red Alert 2 Directory:  
Windows: `<YourOpenRAContentPath>\ra2\`  
Mac OSX: `<YourOpenRAContentPath>/ra2/`  
Linux: `<YourOpenRAContentPath>/ra2/`  
Create the `ra2` directory if it does not exist.  
  
### Yuri's Revenge Directory:  
Windows: `<YourOpenRAContentPath>\yr\`  
Mac OSX: `<YourOpenRAContentPath>/yr/`  
Linux: `<YourOpenRAContentPath>/yr/`  
Create the `yr` directory if it does not exist.  

#### Download  
The game can be bought and downloaded from the following official places:  
[EA Origin](https://www.origin.com/hkg/en-us/store/command-and-conquer/command-and-conquer-the-ultimate-collection)  
[XWIS](http://xwis.net/forums/index.php/topic/163831-how-to-play/)  

#### Disc  
If you own the original CDs:  

Locate `Game1.CAB` on Original `Red Alert 2` CD in the `INSTALL/` directory.  
Copy all required mixes into your content folder.  
The mixes inside of `Game1.CAB` are `ra2.mix` and `language.mix`. Copy those two into your `ra2` content folder.  
For the soundtrack you want `theme.mix` from your CD.  

Locate `Game6.CAB` on Original `Red Alert 2 Yuri's Revenge` CD in the `INSTALL/` directory.  
Copy all required mixes into your content folder.  
The mixes inside of `Game6.CAB` are `ra2md.mix` and `langmd.mix`. Copy those two into your `yr` content folder.  
For the soundtrack you want `thememd.mix` from your CD.  

## License
GPLv3

Commit message:

Rollback to `release-20191117` to fit Hg version

README.md, after:

# OpenRA Red Alert 2 Yuri's Revenge (Hg Edition)
A Red Alert 2 Yuri's Revenge mod for OpenRA Hg (Higher Graphic) Engine which powered by alexeik

## Screenshots

![Yuri faction](https://media.moddb.com/images/members/4/3399/3398047/openra-yr.1.PNG)
![Voxel browser](https://media.moddb.com/images/members/4/3399/3398047/voxelbrowser.PNG)

## Version
unknown

## Build
### Windows
Run "make.cmd" on Windows and type "all" in the terminal  
### Linux/MacOS
Run "make" on Linux/MacOS  

## Wiki  
You can check more information on wiki:  
https://github.com/cookgreen/Yuris-Revenge/wiki  

## Issue  
If you meet any problem, please post an issue:  
https://github.com/cookgreen/Yuris-Revenge/issues  

## Install the content
Note: Normally installing the content from the ingame content installer is enough.
  
The mod expects the original Red Alert 2 game assets and original Yuri's Revenge assets in place. Put the .mix archives in the following directory depending on your operating system.  
  
### Confirm the content path:
Run Utility command: `--display-content-path` to determine the OpenRA content path, after run this command, it will output like this:
```
OpenRA Content Path: <YourOpenRAContentPath>
```
  
### Red Alert 2 Directory:  
Windows: `<YourOpenRAContentPath>\ra2\`  
Mac OSX: `<YourOpenRAContentPath>/ra2/`  
Linux: `<YourOpenRAContentPath>/ra2/`  
Create the `ra2` directory if it does not exist.  
  
### Yuri's Revenge Directory:  
Windows: `<YourOpenRAContentPath>\yr\`  
Mac OSX: `<YourOpenRAContentPath>/yr/`  
Linux: `<YourOpenRAContentPath>/yr/`  
Create the `yr` directory if it does not exist.  

#### Download  
The game can be bought and downloaded from the following official places:  
[EA Origin](https://www.origin.com/hkg/en-us/store/command-and-conquer/command-and-conquer-the-ultimate-collection)  
[XWIS](http://xwis.net/forums/index.php/topic/163831-how-to-play/)  

#### Disc  
If you own the original CDs:  

Locate `Game1.CAB` on Original `Red Alert 2` CD in the `INSTALL/` directory.  
Copy all required mixes into your content folder.  
The mixes inside of `Game1.CAB` are `ra2.mix` and `language.mix`. Copy those two into your `ra2` content folder.  
For the soundtrack you want `theme.mix` from your CD.  

Locate `Game6.CAB` on Original `Red Alert 2 Yuri's Revenge` CD in the `INSTALL/` directory.  
Copy all required mixes into your content folder.  
The mixes inside of `Game6.CAB` are `ra2md.mix` and `langmd.mix`. Copy those two into your `yr` content folder.  
For the soundtrack you want `thememd.mix` from your CD.  

## License
GPLv3
